======== SAMPLE 1 ========


~Wisdom~}It is the way in which you live your life that is most meaningful. When we are together to work hard, feel happiness, and enjoy our time, we never think we will ever break the bonds we have found. You are the source of all the happiness in the world. You are the one we know and deserve. When I talk to you, the thought that I have is always a part of me. You inspire me to find happiness. You are our love, our soulmate, and our future. There is no point in losing hope in this relationship. The joy of our relationship is a breath of fresh air. All we have to find is some love and love. Our lives are in harmony, and in the end, our love has the power to protect us from harm.~Wisdom~}You are the greatest and the most unique thing that has happened to me since I was a young boy. Your strength and strength of will are so great~^As far as I know, I am a man of very little physical appearance. I have a very low breath and a very thin skin~^There are many things that bother me. I feel as though I am a stranger because I have made such a bad choice with my life. My life has been in such chaos that I lost my love, lost my soulmate, lost my dreams, and I am regretting my choices. I have lost everything with you, lost all my family, lost my love, and lost my true happiness. These are the things that have hurt me and hurt me now. I feel that in the future, I will have the same thing that you feel in the present. I am happy with the future as I am now.~Wisdom~}It is the way in which you live your life that is most meaningful. When we are together to work hard, feel happiness, and enjoy our time, we never think we will ever break the bonds we have found. You are the source of all the happiness in the world. You are the one we know and deserve. When I talk to you, the thought that I have is always a part of me. You inspire me to find happiness. You are our love, our soulmate, and our future. There is no point in losing hope in this relationship. The joy of our relationship is a breath of fresh air. All we have to find is some love and love. Our lives are in harmony, and in the end, our love has the power to protect us from harm.~Wisdom~}As far as I know, I am a man of very little physical appearance. I have a very low breath and a very thin skin~^There are many things that bother me. I feel as though I am a stranger because I have made such a bad choice with my life. My life has been in such chaos that I lost my love, lost my soulmate, lost my dreams, and I is regretting my choices. I have lost everything with you, lost all my family, lost my love, and lost my true happiness. These are the things that have hurt me and hurt me now. I feel that in the future, I will have the same thing that you feel in the present. I am happy with the future as I am now.~Wisdom~}It is the way in which you live your life that is most meaningful. When we are together to work hard, feel happiness, and enjoy our time, we never think we will ever break the bonds we have found. You are the source of all the happiness in the world. You are the one we know and deserve. When I talk to you, the thought that I have is always a part of me. You inspire me to find happiness. You are our love, our soulmate, and our future. There is no point in losing hope in this relationship. The joy of our relationship is a breath of fresh air. All we have to find is some love and love. Our lives are in harmony, and in the end, our love has the power to protect us from harm.~Wisdom~}There are many things that bother me. I feel as though I am a stranger because I have made such a bad choice with my life. My life has been in such chaos that I lost my love, lost my soulmate, lost my dreams, and I is regretting my choices. I have lost everything with you, lost all my family, lost my love, and lost my true happiness. These are the things that have hurt me and hurt me now. I feel as though I am a stranger because I have made such a bad choice with my life. My life has been in such chaos that I lost my love, lost my soulmate, lost my dreams, and I is regretting my choices. I have lost everything with you, lost all my family, lost my love, and lost my true happiness; these are the things that have hurt me and hurt me now
